Advantages and Disadvantages of Waterfall Model:
Waterfall Model:
Waterfall Model is process of software development which is divided into different phases:

The Phases are:
	Requirement Analysis
	System Design
	Implementation
	Testing
	Deployment
	Maintenance

Advantages of Waterfall Model:
	Waterfall Model is simple to use and understand.
	Phases of waterfall model are approached only one in the cycle. 
	Waterfall Model is best for the projects with well-defined and understood requirements.
	Results and Process are well documented

Disadvantages of Waterfall Model:
	Waterfall model is not suggested for long and on-going projects.
	It can’t accept the new requirements during the process.
	Waterfall model can’t handle the project with the chance of change in requirement.
	Once a phase is completed we can’t go back for improvement and changes, we can just give feedback on it. 
	If any new requirement are to be added then they are considered in next life cycle of project.



V Model:
In the V Model both testing and development is planned parallel.
There are two phases that are considered parallel in V Model. Coding is dependent on the Both phases.

Verification Phase:
	Business Requirement Analysis.
	System Design Analysis.
	Architectural Design Analysis.
	Module Design Analysis.

Validation Phase:
	Unit Testing
	Integrated Testing
	System Testing
	Acceptance Testing

Coding Phase:
Based on the outcomes of validation and verification phases in Coding Phase the design and implementation of project is considered and code accordingly is done.

Advantages:
	All the Phases are completed one at a time.
	Simple and easy to understand.
	As each phase is test and has deliverables, managing the project is easy.

Disadvantages:
	Once a phase is completed we can’t go back for improvement and changes, we can just give feedback on it.
	V model is recommended for long and on-going project.
	Once the project is at testing Stage it  is difficult to go back and add any new requirement.


Iterative Model:

Iterative model is an process of software development in which a project is develped in various iterations.
which means in iterative model the basic functionality of a project is developed in first iteration later if any addition requirment are needed 
there are added to next cycle of iteration

These iteration can be considered as Versions of an project

Advantges:
	1)Add a new feature or requirement is possible
	2)Early Development of project is possible
	3)major requirements can be developed and additional requirements can be added later.
	4)Risk analysis is better.
	5)cost efficient even it has a new requirement to be added

Dis-Advantage:
	1)More Resources are Required.
	2)More managing power is Required.
	3)For Risk Analysis we need skill Resources