
/**** mail id: vasu.vespag@gmail.com ****/



Write a Java program to find the factorial of a number.
Java Program to read number (entered by user)
Java Program to check if a number is positive or negative
Java Program to add two numbers
Java Program to Find ASCII value of a Character
Java Program to Multiply two Numbers
Java Program to Calculate Area of Triangle


Define a “Clock” class that does the following: -
    a. Accept hours, minutes and seconds.
    b. Check the validity numbers.
    c. Set the time to AM/PM mode.
  Use necessary constructors and methods to do the above task.

Design a class for a bank database the database should support the following operations.
    1. Deposit a certain amount into an account,
    2. Withdrawing a certain amount from an account,
    3. Return a value specifying the amount (i.e. balance) in an amount.

Write a java program which initialization earning of an employee. The program should
calculate the income tax to be paid by the employee as per the criteria given below:
Slab rate              IT rate
Upto Rs. 50,000        Nil
Upto Rs. 60,000        10% on additional amount
Upto Rs. 1,50,000      20% on additional amount
Above Rs. 1,50,000     30% on additional amount

We have to calculate the percentage of marks obtained in three subjects (each out of 100) by student
A and in four subjects (each out of 100) by student B.Create an abstract class 'Marks' with an abstract 
method 'getPercentage'. It is inherited by two other classes 'A' and 'B' each having a method with the same
name which returns the percentage of the students. The constructor of student A takes the marks in three
subjects as its parameters and the marks in four subject as its parameters for student B. Create an object 
for eac of the two classes and print the percentage of marks for both the students.

Create a class named 'PrintNumber' to print various numbers of different datatypes by creating different 
methods with the same name 'printn' having a parameter for each datatype.


Create a class to print an integer and a character with two methods having the same name but different sequence 
of the integer and the character parameters.For example, if the parameters of the first method are of the form 
(int n, char c), then that of the second method will be of the form (char c, int n).


Create a class to print the area of a square and a rectangle. The class has two methods with the same name but 
different number of parameters. The method for printing area of rectangle has two parameters which are length and
breadth respetively while the other method for printing area of square has one parameter which is side of square.




Create a class 'Student' with three data members which are name, age and address. The constructor of the class 
assigns default values name as "unknown", age as '0' and address as "not available". It has two members with the 
same name 'setInfo'. First method has two parameters for name and age and assigns the same whereas the second 
method takes has three parameters which are assigned to name, age and address respectively. Print the name, 
age and address of 10 students.
Hint - Use array of objects

Create a class 'Degree' having a method 'getDegree' that prints "I got a degree". It has two subclasses namely 
'Undergraduate' and 'Postgraduate' each having a method with the same name that prints "I am an Undergraduate" 
and "I am a Postgraduate" respectively. Call the method by creating an object of each of the three classes.


A boy has his money deposited $1000, $1500 and $2000 in banks-Bank A, Bank B and Bank C respectively. We have 
to print the money deposited by him in a particular bank. Create a class 'Bank' with a method 'getBalance' 
which returns 0. Make its three subclasses named 'BankA', 'BankB' and 'BankC' with a method with the same name 
'getBalance' which returns the amount deposited in that particular bank. Call the method 'getBalance' by the 
object of each of the three banks.


Write a Java program and compute the sum of the digits of an integer.

Write a Java program to compute the area of a hexagon.

Write a Java program to reverse a string

Write a Java program to print the odd numbers from 1 to 99. Prints one number per line

Write a Java program to accept a number and check the number is even or not. Prints 1 if the number is even or 0 if the number is odd.



Write a Java program to print numbers between 1 to 100 which are divisible by 3, 5 and by both.

Write a Java program to convert a string to an integer in Java

Write a Java program that accepts three integers from the user and return true if two or more of them (integers ) have the same rightmost digit. The integers are non-negative

Write a Java program to convert seconds to hour, minute and seconds.

Write a Java program to reverse a word.

Write a program to create an arraylist of colours.